fix links (#1110)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/vulcan/config-js.mdx

```

<br />

> <LinkButton link="https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan/" label="go to an implementation of the vulcan.config.js file" outlined target="_blank" />

Reviewer: idem

> <LinkButton link="https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan/" label="go to an implementation of the vulcan.config.js file" outlined target="_blank" />

Author: ```suggestion
<LinkButton link="https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan/" label="go to an implementation of the vulcan.config.js file" severity="secondary"  target="_blank" />
```
